he's kind of adventure happy and we're
celebrate clean water this year
recreation is one of those poor benefits
of the work that our water keepers do
patrolling
waterways across to get people out of
the water ways of connecting with your
local waterways where the best ways of
ensuring that your local community lava
voice is protecting their right to clean
water you got a bite for the rights of
the people living there Watership and
putting on a program that connects the
people with the resource that we're
talking about is the best way to do that
I couldn't believe how many people
showed up we just had a great time and
really for once just kick back and
celebrated the beautiful water that we
live right next to and we had almost a
hundred racers out there we did both a
competitive race in morning and a fun
race for kids from people of all levels
in the afternoon you know what we forget
to do a lot of time is celebrate the
fact that we've actually made progress
we've seen our beaches become cleaner
over the years and so that's why we did
this we wanted to do something that was
both informative as well as actually
getting in the water and celebrating
what it is at the Clean Water Act
to protect you see the bay you see the
water but until you really interact with
it in a way that's personal to you you
can't really develop that tradition of
stewardship and investments and it is
the most inspiring thing to see 800
people at seven in the morning on june
second dive into that water when you
bring everybody together for an event
like splash that really shows we're
taking back this river we're taking it
back from the polluters people now know
that the Hackensack River is a river in
recovery and we've taken what was
considered by a lot of people to be a
lost cause and made into a cluster
labret and thank you to cane and toyota
from making our event the success that
it was we couldn't have done it without
our sponsors and we're very grateful to
have the support of such great green
conscious company did not use about
without the support of toyota you can to
make this happen it's so great to be
part of events like this happening
around the country to celebrate
everybody writes clean water thank you
keen and toyota for having a splash
event in our watershed and supporting
the great Russian race which supports
our clean campus clean creek stormwater
reduction project we are so proud of
your so grateful we're so thankful that
they are investing in our communities
across the country toyota change the way
people drive in this country they look
this hive
apology and introduced it to our country
and made it acceptable made it feasible
and started this revolution to green
ohio is a degree in the way Americans
drive and we're very very proud of the
partnership now that we have with cleo
de and i want to thank all of you for
giving us a board then we need to keep
this movement going and to keep the
water your water clean and to fight for
democracy and for the values that made
America and exemplary patient Thank You
opening